Please always refer universalgoals.md. Please refer to inventoryplan.md. Please refer to recent chat. I've changed my mind on the right-click unequip. I think it would be better to stick with the same system where you left-click and select the item. But for equipment, the equipment slot itself should highlight in red to indicate that it will be unequipped when the player clicks in a grid. They can cancel by clicking the equipment slot again or clicking anywhere outside the grid. We're going to need special rules for backpacks that serve the dual purpose of preventing exploits and making it user-friendly for the player to switch backpacks. Backpacks can be opened like a nested container IF THEY ARE ON THE GROUND. If they are in a backpack, they cannot be opened. If they have items in them, they cannot be placed in a backpack, but they can be equipped. If a backpack is opened from the ground as a nested container, we will want a quick-move button to unload their current backpack into this one (all that will fit). If a backpack is unequipped with items in it, they remain in the backpack and the backpack can be opened from the ground to retrieve the items. All of this is to try and make it easy for the player to swap backpacks. So with left-clicking to select, then unequip, the player will choose the destination. We don't need to worry about that. I want this to be our current backpacks: Backpack sizes: Book bag 3x3→4x5, Standard 4x4→5x7, Hiking 5x5→6x10. Later I will be adding square icons for rectangular items. For example, sniper rifle square.png. Actually let me know what the best naming scheme would be for all icons. For now all rectangular items can just use default.png which is square. It can just be the standard fallback. We need tooltips to identify the equipment. Also, are the equipment slots actually square. We need to make them so if they are not. Also they will be spaced somewhat differently in the main inventory area because upper and lower body won't be there (they are in the inventory extension window). Adjust the plan you just made to fit all this and propose it to be added to inventoryplan.md as phase 5H.